So, why are you here?
There are lots of good reasons you may have.
Some of them may be the following.
Too many people are asking you to do too many things.
We all get bombarded with things to do.
How do you keep track of what you or your team or your department need to do?
And is it the right work to do in the first place?
I don't have enough time in the day to get things done.
No one is making more time for anyone,
so it is even more important to have methods to manage
your demand and manage your work.
There are too many things in my queue, so your backlog is getting even bigger.
Your list just grows and grows.
Again, you need an approach to managing your backlog or list of things to do.
How do I assign resources?
What is the best approach to assign resources if you are a team leader and
you are assigning resources just for your customers?
Or is your team providing general services,
like database support, for example,
for multiple IT departments throughout your company seeking your help?
Priorities are always changing.
How do I know what those priorities are and how do I manage those
priorities and change those priorities if need be?
I wish people could see my backlog and my work,
so how do I communicate my backlog and work to my management and my customers?
Juggling new work with existing work.
Just how do I manage all the new work coming in with
the existing work that I am doing?
Or are you just plain curious?
Well, whatever the reason, welcome.
Based on how you identify with some of those statements,
this course may be for you.
And full disclosure,
this course may require someone with an affinity to planning or
that you believe that planning has value.
So, is planning natural to you?
Do you struggle with it?
I used to.
But good planning actually allows you to sleep at night much better, trust me.
In this course,
I will show you some very easy planning tools and methods
that you can quickly adopt and leverage.
Now, let's see who this course is for.
Basically, this course is for any business,
software and IT professionals,
that are interested or responsible for managing work coming in,
how to assess it, how to determine if and when to do it,
and once approved, how to manage it until its completion.
Hence, first time or experienced managers,
technical team leaders, project managers,
software and technical engineers, systems analysts,
people around and in this ecosystem, project management office personnel,
senior management, or others. Now, let me share with you the course objectives.